Binary output format (#7)
skoudmar/Ros2TraceAnalyzer: README.md

Reviewer: Missing extract command.

## Analyze
This command analyzes the traces and saves relevant information for later use into JSON, TXT and DOT files. 

<!-- `$ cargo run analyze --help | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->
```

> Analyze a ROS 2 trace and generate graphs, JSON or bundle outputs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Analyze a ROS 2 trace and store the result either as a binary bundle or separate files. See the extract subcommand for how to work with the binary bundle.
```

## Analyze
This command analyzes the traces and saves relevant information for later use into JSON, TXT and DOT files. 

> <!-- `$ cargo run analyze -h | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- `$ cargo run analyze --help | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->
```
Please keep the full, detailed `--help` output instead of a summary with `-h`.

      --spin-duration[=<FILENAME>]
          Analyze the duration of executor spins

      --binary-bundle [<FILENAME>]

>           Filename or directory of the binary bundle output

Reviewer 2: Can it really be a directory? If yes, then the metavar should be something like `FILENAME_OR_DIRECTORY`. But I think it can be just a filename (either absolute or relative). If it's relative, it's relative to `OUT_DIR`.

## Chart
This command is reserved for later use. It is intended for generating charts from analyzed traces.

<!-- `$ cargo run chart --help | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->
```
Render a chart of a specific property of a ROS 2 interface

Usage: Ros2TraceAnalyzer chart [OPTIONS] --value <VALUE> <ELEMENT_ID> <COMMAND>

Commands:
  histogram  
  scatter    
  help       Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Arguments:
  <ELEMENT_ID>

>           Identifies the element in the dependency graph for which to extract the data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          Identifies the element in the dependency graph for which to generate the chart
```

Options:
  -i, --input-path <INPUT>

>           The input path, either a file of the data or a folder containing the default named file with the necessary data

Reviewer 2: Which kind of input is this? Should that be the `r2ta_results.sqlite` file? Or something else?

## Viewer
This command is reserved for later use. Builtin .dot graphs viewer.

> <!-- `$ cargo run viewer --help | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- `$ cargo run viewer --help` -->
```
The `sed` command seems to add second empty line before each default. I don't understand why it's needed. I think one empty line is sufficient.

          Print help
```

## Extract
This command retreives data from binary analysis output for the specified ROS interface or channel
```
Retreive data from SQL binary bundle for the specified node into JSON

Usage: Ros2TraceAnalyzer extract [OPTIONS] <ELEMENT_ID> <PROPERTY>

Arguments:
  <ELEMENT_ID>  Identifier of the element for which to extract the data
  <PROPERTY>    The property to extract from the node [possible values: callback-duration, activations-delay, publications-delay, messages-delay, messages-latency]

Options:
  -i, --input-path <INPUT>    The input path, either a file of the data or a folder containing the default named file with the necessary data
  -v, --verbose...            Increase logging verbosity
  -o, --output-path <OUTPUT>  The output path, either a folder to which the file will be generated or a file to write into
  -q, --quiet...              Decrease logging verbosity
  -h, --help                  Print help (see more with '--help')

> ```

Reviewer 2: This seems to be manually copied from `--help` output. Use [mdsh](https://github.com/zimbatm/mdsh/tree/v0.9.2) for automation (use released version, the main branch is completely reworked and incompatible).

```

## Extract
This command retrieves various data from the "binary bundle" produced by the analysis subcommand.

<!-- `$ cargo run extract --help` -->
```
Retreive data from bundled analysis results file into JSON format

Usage: Ros2TraceAnalyzer extract [OPTIONS] <COMMAND>

Commands:
  graph     Extract dependency graph
  property  Extract property values for a node
  help      Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:

>   -i, --input-path <FILENAME>   Path to the r2ta_results.sqlite file from which to retreive the data [default: r2ta_results.sqlite]

Reviewer 2: Outdated. Needs to be regenerated.

          Print help
```

## Extract

> This command retreives data from binary analysis output for the specified ROS interface or channel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command retrieves various data from the "binary bundle" produced by the analysis subcommand.
```

<!-- `$ cargo run extract --help | sed 's/ \[default:/\n          \[default:/g'` -->
```

> Retreive data from bundled analysis results file into JSON format

Reviewer 2: Don't mention JSON as `graph` is probably in `dot` format. Or I prefer it to be.

Usage: Ros2TraceAnalyzer extract [OPTIONS] --output-path <OUTPUT> <COMMAND>

Commands:
  graph     Extract dependency graph
  property  Extract property values for a node
  help      Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)

Options:

>   -i, --input-path <INPUT>    The input path, either a file of the data or a folder containing the default named file with the necessary data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -i, --input <FILE>    The input binary bundle. [default: r2ta_results.sqlite]
```

  -v, --verbose...            Increase logging verbosity

>   -o, --output-path <OUTPUT>  The output path, either a folder to which the file will be generated or a file to write into

Reviewer 2: Why to distinguish between files and filters again? I'd prefer just `-o, --output <FILE>`. If this is not specified, the output would go to stdout.
